scenes of chaos at ner
[Applause]
Hospital the wounded and dying lie on
the floor sterilization and basic
medical hygiene are luxuries doctors
simply do not
have short of supplies they say they are
forced to use the same bandages on
multiple
patients most teams in our department
have left even the cleaners are gone
some doctors and nurses try to clean the
hospital ourselves once we're done
treating patients it's a
disaster the hospital has about 350
patients and at least 5,000 displaced
Palestinians are Sheltering at the
complex they are unable to leave outside
Israeli tanks and fierce fighting
International Aid organization warned
Gaza no longer has a Health Care System
Doctors Without Borders accuse Israel of
targeting gaza's Hospital one after the
other the UN says only 14 are able to
offer medical services and only basic
treatment there isn't enough light
during the day so imagine what it's like
at night many times Medical Teams rely
on mobile phone
torches nurses are also trying to
perform
Miracles we work with the minimum Tools
in this very specifical situation the
lack of electricity and fuel is a big
obstacle we haven't had electricity
since the hospital was targeted by
Israeli forces the World Health
Organization is calling for an immediate
seized fire so it can restock the few
functioning hospitals we are suffering
here there's nothing available no milk
formula food or medication for children
the hospital is packed and there are no
doctors to treat the patients the
desperation grows daily as does the
lethal combination of hunger and disease
which ultimately the UN warns will kill
more Palestinians than Israeli bonds
hanim Mahmud Al jazer Rafa Southern
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer